-= www.OpenSubtitles.org =-
Good morning,
Mr. Basset.
This is your
wake-up call.
Please move your ass.
Stampede!
Stampede, Earl!
Get out of the way!
You dumb shit.
I was in
a stampede once.
Three hundred head
going hell-bent
for the horizon.
Now, exactly
how many cows
are required for
a stampede, Earl?
l mean, is it like
three or more?
ls there
a minimum speed?
l wish a stampede
up your ass.
No breakfast?
l did it yesterday.
lt was bologna and beans.
No. lt was eggs.
l did eggs, over easy.
The hell you did.
Bologna and beans.
lt's your turn.
Well, l guess
when l'm your age,
l'll forget
what l eat, too.
Oh, God damn it!
l ask you, is this a job
for intelligent men?
Show me one.
l'll ask him.
l mean, if we were
real serious about money,
we'd quit being
hired hands. . .
Handymen, Earl.
We are handymen.
Yeah, yeah.
We should quit
this job and
find ourselves
some real employment.
Are you gonna
give up all this
personal freedom?
l don't know.
Freeway!
So, what's on
the agenda for today?
lt's garbage day.
Oh, man ! Already?
Hey, what's Nestor
paying us?
50 bucks.
And that's 47 bucks
more than we got.
Burt and Heather's place
is closer.
Let's do their linoleum today
and do the garbage tomorrow.
Nestor's not home tomorrow.
Now, look, we don't
dig today, we don't
get paid today.
Now, damn it, Valentine,
you never plan ahead.
You never take
the long view.
l mean, here it is Monday,
and l'm already
thinking of Wednesday.
lt is Monday, right?
Hey,
who the hell's that?
That's not what's-his-name,
the grad student?
No. He graduated.
Must be the new one.
The new one?
That's supposed
to be a girl.
You will have long,
blonde hair,
big, green eyes,
world-class breasts,
ass that won't quit
and legs that go
all the way up!
Hi ! l'm Rhonda.
Rhonda LeBeck.
l'm up here
for the semester.
Yeah, geography.
Geology.
Yeah, well,
actually seismology.
Earthquakes.
And you two must
be Val and Earl.
l've heard all about you.
We deny everything.
Hey, listen,
l've got a question for you.
Do you know if anybody's
doing any drilling
or blasting
or anything like that?
Around here?
No, ma'am.
Well, l'm supposed to monitor
the seismographs.
You know,
they measure vibrations.
Vibrations
in the ground.
Yeah.
Well, l've been getting
some really strange readings.
l mean, the school's
had these machines
up here for three years,
and we've never recorded
anything like this.
Well, we'll ask around.
You know, see if
anyone's heard anything.
Thanks.
God, l hope
they're not broken.
l might have to bag
the whole semester.
Anyway, sorry to bother you.
No problem.
Nice meeting you.
Hope you get it
all sorted out.
You know, if you wanted,
we could take a look at those
seismographs for her
if you want.
What the hell do we know
about seismographs?
Nothing.
lt sure might be
a slick way to
get to know her.
Why?
Damn it, Valentine.
You don't go for any gal
unless she fits
that stupid list of yours
from top to bottom.
Well, sure!
Yeah, and it's dumber
than my hind end.
l mean, like that
Bobby Lynn Dexter.
Tammy Lynn Baxter.
lt don't matter.
They're all the same,
dead weight.
"Ooh ! l broke a nail !"
Makes my skin crawl.
Well, l'm a victim
of circumstance.
l thought you call it
your pecker.
Hey, pizza face!
Melvin?
Melvin ! You touch
that truck and die.
Oh, man,
l'm really shaking.
Thanks, Walter.
Look, these are
hollow points,
but they're not
Hydrashok hollow points.
Excuse me, l thought
bullets were bullets.
Hi, guys.
What you been doing?
We ran into that
new college student,
that Rona.
Rhonda. Yeah,
she's having trouble
with her, uh,
uh, things.
You know,
those college kids
turn up oil or uranium
or something out there.
Next thing the feds
will be at our door.
"Sorry. Time to move.
Eminent domain."
Down, honey. Down.
Yeah, Burt.
The way you worry,
you'll have a heart attack
before you get a chance
to survive World War lll.
We'll see.
Hey, guys, listen.
Bearing going out.
What do you think?
Could be.
Catch you later, Chang.
We got a schedule to keep.
Oh, yeah.
See, we plan ahead.
That way we don't do
anything right now.
Earl explained it to me.
Cocktail?
You bet.
Well, l'll tell you.
Nobody handles garbage
better than we do.
Yep.
Oh, come on, Earl.
Now this is low.
We have got to set our sights
a little bit higher.
Hey, Melvin,
why don't you
give us a hand?
Most of this shit
is yours anyway.
Listen, run down to the store
and pick me up a six-pack.
l'll pay for it.
Son, beer is for adults.
You know, not having a plan
is what keeps us
doing jobs like this.
Just doing jobs like this
is you dragging your feet.
Are you gonna stand
there and tell me,
in broad daylight,
that l'm the reason
we're still in Perfection?
You know how close l am
to leaving this place
right now?
l'll call that
little bluff.
How close?
Shit!
God damn !
Jesus Christ!
Don't forget the TV.
Hey, what's that
vacuum cleaner for, man?
l like this
vacuum cleaner.
Hell, you never use it.
Well, it's good
for parts.
And, besides,
maybe we'll
hire a maid.
Now had you
thought about
that, Earl?
Get in the truck.
Guys!
Hey, guys, wait!
Hi.
Sorry, Nancy.
We're not delivering
firewood anymore.
We're heading for
Bixby permanent.
Oh, sure.
Oh, my God.
You really are!
Hey, Mindy,
what's the count?
Six hundred and forty.
Guys, look,
l don't need firewood.
l have this big
order to fill,
and l have to build
my new pottery kiln.
Come on, it'll be at
least a month's work.
l'll throw in lunches.
And beer.
l can't believe
we said no to free beer.
We did it! We did it!
We faced temptation
and did not bend !
God damn !
Praise the Lord !
Now there's nothing,
and l mean nothing,
between us and
Bixby but nothing !
Yeah !
Hey, look at that guy!
Oh, that's one job
l'd never do.
Working around
electricity.
Hey, hold up.
That's Edgar Deems.
Come on.
No. He only wears
that one damn jacket.
That's him,
l'm telling you.
Man, oh, man,
he sure must've
been drunk this time.
Edgar, get your
butt down from there!
Well, shit.
We can't leave him
up there.
Thank you, Edgar.
You owe me on this one,
you damned old boozehound.
One of these days,
you're gonna have to
get your ass
on a wagon
and stay there.
Jesus! lt's not like
l don't have
better things to do
than to climb towers
and drag your
hairy ass down.
Jesus Christ!
Was it
a heart attack, Doctor?
No.
He died of dehydration.
Thirst.
Well, that doesn't
make any sense.
That takes a couple
of days, doesn't it?
Maybe even three or four.
You mean he sat up there
three or four days?
He sat up there and
just died of thirst?
Hmm.
You reckon he
hated Perfection
more than us?
Do you suppose
he wanted to
kill himself?
Come on.
Somebody must've
chased him up there.
What, you mean someone
who ain't scared of
a Winchester rifle?
Then what'd they do?
Camp out down below
and just wait
for him to die?
What the hell?
What the shit?
Hey, Fred !
Hey, there, old Fred !
Fred !
This is weird.
This is real weird.
Jesus!
What the hell's
going on?
l mean,
what the hell
is going on?
Everybody get the hell
out of here!
There's a killer
on the loose!
What?
A murderer, man !
A real psycho!
He's cutting
people's heads off.
l'm not kidding !
They're pulling
our chain.
Yeah.
What?
Shit.
Howard ! Howard !
Carmine?
Who could be doing it?
l'm not accusing anybody.
l'm just saying,
some of my cattle
are missing.
Are you serious?
Old Fred's dead?
Dude, something
like that.
Come on, you're
bullshitting me,
right, pal?
What happened to Fred?
No worse than Edgar.
What happened
to Edgar?
You won't believe it.
Here, l need one
of those candy bars.
l don't believe this.
The phone is dead.
Walter, your phone
is dead !
l didn't do it.
Nestor,
what's happening?
Somebody killed old Fred.
What should we do?
What's going on?
Now, look, Val,
you gotta get to Bixby,
and you gotta get
the police up here.
And you gotta step on it.
Consider it stepped on.
Man, we decided
to leave this place
just one damn day
too late, you know?
Well, there's sure as hell
nothing to stop us now.
Everybody we know
between here and Bixby
is already dead.
Look out!
ls there some higher
force at work here?
l mean, are we asking
too much of life?
Where the hell
are these guys?
What are they doing?
Blasting?
Hey!
Where are you guys?
lt's not like there's
another road, asshole!
Val ! Val !
Jesus!
l don't believe this!
You're hung up.
l am not!
You're hung up,
l tell you !
You're gonna burn
the clutch !
You know, you could
break an axle like that.
Could you shut up?
Hey, l don't need
to spend the night
out here.
Crybaby.
-Could it have been coyotes?
-No way.
No.
Coyotes didn't kill Fred.
Hey, it's Val and Earl.
They shouldn't
be here already.
Thought you two
were in Bixby by now.
You are never
gonna believe this.
Mom !
Oh, my God !
Oh, Burt, be careful.
Unreal.
Where'd you get it?
l didn't know
we had it.
lt's disgusting.
Some kind of snake?
Looks more like
an eel to me.
Eels live in the water,
don't they?
Big mother slug, maybe.
Don't touch !
Relax. lt's dead.
Hey, it must've grabbed us!
That's why the truck
stalled out.
Next time l tell you
l'm not hung up. . .
Hey, wait.
This stalled out your truck?
lt'd have to be one
strong son of a bitch.
Stinks, too.
l'll give you boys
$5 for this.
$20.
Okay, $10!
$15.
Okay, $15.
Damn right, $15.
l don't believe you guys.
Could be a snake!
Some kind of mutation.
Yeah.
Whatever it is,
just one of these
couldn't eat up Fred
and his whole flock of sheep.
So you think
there are more
of them out there?
l'm dead. Let's put this
stuff up in the morning.
No.
We have to go to Bixby
in the morning.
The cinder blocks are in.
Oh, the cinder blocks.
Oh, my God !
Just keep looking
at that beautiful sky.
That's the sky that's gonna
be over our roof every night
when we're done.
What if we don't
finish the roof?
Then we can
look at the sky
all the time. Huh?
Oh, that damn thing.
Maybe it's time
we buy a new
generator, huh?
lt's gone!
What do you mean,
it's gone?
You sure this is
where it was?
lt was right here!
There's the cord.
Hold this.
Yeah, maybe the
ground caved in.
There's a lot of mines
and stuff around here.
Well, don't then.
You don't wanna fall in.
Let's go.
God, what is that stink?
You hear that?
Come on. Come on,
let's just go.
Let's go back to
town or something.
Please, Jim !
Maybe it's a geological
thing or something like
natural gas or a geyser.
They stink like that.
Remember in Yellowstone?
Jim !
Something's got me!
No, Jim, no!
Something's got me
down here!
Oh, Jim !
Oh, God ! Oh, God !
Get something !
Get me out of here!
Jim !
Something's got me.
Oh, God !
Please get me out!
Help me!
Jim !
Oh, my God.
Mindy, smile.
Come on, honey.
Don't look so afraid.
lt's not gonna hurt you.
l promise.
Mindy, look up. Smile.
Come on.
Hold it.
Melvin, get out of there!
Old Chang, slick as snot,
and l ain't lying.
15 lousy bucks.
A man who plans ahead. . .
Look, we arm ourselves,
we set perimeters,
we stand guard.
Any of those snake
things show up here,
we make them extinct.
All right!
Come on, Burt,
get serious.
Yeah ! You make it
sound like a war.
What have you people
got against being prepared?
Where's the sugar?
Rambo.
Wait a minute.
Walter's got a CB radio.
Why aren't you calling
somebody in Bixby?
The police. . .
No. We can't reach
outside the valley
because of the mountains.
Melvin, you're next.
Come on. Sit down,
look scared.
-Okay.
-Yeah.
The phone's out.
The road's out.
We're on our own.
You two are just
loving it, aren't you?
Come on, Nancy.
Let's don't get personal
about this thing !
We gotta do something.
Hell, yes!
We are completely
cut off.
We got the cliffs
to the north.
Mountains to the east
and the west.
That's why Heather
and me settled here
in the first place.
Geographic isolation.
Well, there's gotta be
some way we can get help.
For God's sake,
this isn't the moon !
What are you gonna do,
walk the 38 miles to Bixby?
Hey, there's
Walter's saddle horses.
That's it.
You're welcome to them.
Somebody could
ride to Bixby.
That's not bad.
Who's best on a horse?
Walter, they
better be fast.
We don't wanna be stuck
on a couple of canners.
Those snake things
couldn't travel that fast.
Shit, for all you know,
they could fly.
Here, what do you want?
This colt or
Edgar's old rifle?
Rifle.
Hey, Earl.
Here's some Swiss cheese
and some bullets.
Thanks, Walter.
You guys all set?
Well, ready as
we'll ever be.
Heather and l are
gonna drive around.
We'll see if we can
find that college girl,
tell her to get her
ass back into town.
Good idea. We'll swing
by the doctor's place
and see if they went
into Bixby or not.
Hey, wait a minute, guys.
Y'all gonna have
to take something
that packs more of
a punch than that 30-30.
Why don't you take
one of our Browning Autos?
Or better than that,
why don't you just
take my Model 70?
lt's .375 H&H mag.
Thanks, Heather.
Well, l hope we
don't need to use it.
lt's got me!
-Melvin !
-Grow up!
Damn it, Melvin !
He's only kidding.
You came that close.
Too close.
No more games.
Melvin, one of these days
somebody's gonna
kick your ass.
Doctor?
Man, l hate
this shit.
Wait a minute.
The car's gone.
We just missed them,
that's all.
Where the hell's
the goddamn golden
oldie coming from?
What the hell's this?
You got me.
Okay, here's the plan.
We don't even stop.
We ride like hell.
Tonight we'll
keep right on going.
We'll walk the horses.
That is the plan.
l mean, God damn,
what the hell
are those things?
And how could they bury
a whole station wagon?
Why would they do it?
Come on, boy!
Come on, git, git!
Walter wouldn't know
a decent horse
if it came up and
bit him in the ass.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
They got wind of something
they don't like.
Git.
Something's
going on here.
l don't see
anything anywhere!
Hey! Hey, you okay?
Yeah, yeah.
What about my horse?
What in the name of. . .
That's how
they get you.
They're under
the goddamn ground.
Well, what the hell
are they?
Sons of bitches!
Must be a million
of them !
Nope. Just one.
Come on.
He's gaining on us!
Look!
We can make it!
Stupid son of a bitch.
lt knocked itself cold.
Cold, my ass!
He's dead.
We killed it.
We killed it!
Fuck you !
Hey, guys.
What's going on?
Did you notice
anything weird
a minute ago?
l mean, it just. . .
What's that?
All right, together.
One, two, three.
Jesus Christ!
Does it smell like that
'cause it's dead?
l don't see any eyes.
Must be totally subterranean.
And those tentacles.
Yeah.
You know, l think
they shoot right
out of its mouth,
and they hook you
and pull you right in.
Good thing
we stopped it before
it killed anybody else.
Look, this is important,
you know.
This is like. . .
Well, let's just say it.
This is probably
the biggest zoological
discovery of the century.
Hey!
Hey, check this out.
l found the ass end.
Jesus, we really
caught something here.
Wow!
Man !
That's one big mother.
This must be the old boy
had your seismos
working overtime.
Yeah.
Yeah, it must push
itself along with these.
All of them
pushing at once.
That's why it
moved so fast.
l mean, this thing
had sensors tripping
all over the place. No. . .
Hey, Rhonda, you ever heard
of anything like this before?
Oh, sure, Earl.
Everybody knows
about them.
We just didn't tell you.
Oh, hell, man,
no one ever saw
anything like this!
We're really
onto something here.
l'll tell you
one damn thing,
old Chang don't get
his slick mitts on this
for no measly 1 5 bucks.
You got that right.
All right,
here's the plan.
We need a flatbed.
Yeah, right,
with a winch.
Yeah, five-ton maybe.
No, no, no,
don't wanna winch it.
Don't wanna winch it.
lt'd tear it all up.
All right, a crane?
Yeah, a crane
with lifting straps.
Hey. Hey, shut up.
The way l figure it,
there are three more
of these things.
What?
Three more?
l've got seismographs
all over this valley.
Now if you compare
the different readings.
Here's one at
2:00 yesterday.
But here's one
three miles away
at the exact same time.
Now that's two.
But here. . .
Yeah, yeah. We'll take
your word for it.
Yeah, where's
your truck?
Just beyond that hill.
What? What?
Damn prairie
dog burrow.
Little sons
of bitches.
Psst! Psst!
This way!
Up on that rock!
Looks like the one
that grabbed our truck.
Where the hell's
your truck?
lt's right over there.
Oh, man,
l don't think
we can make that.
At least he can't climb.
Oh, man !
Live ones smell
worse than the dead ones.
Phew!
l got it. l got it.
They're mutations
caused by radiation.
Or no, no, no.
The government built them.
Big surprise
for the Russians.
Well, there's
nothing like them in the
fossil record. l'm sure.
Okay, so they predate
the fossil record.
That would make them
a couple billion years old.
And we've just
never seen one
till now.
Right.
l vote for outer space.
No way these are local boys.
Well, haven't seen
a sign for hours.
Must be long gone.
Yeah, must be.
Hey, why don't you
take a little stroll
and find out?
We gotta do something.
"We gotta do something."
l don't know why "we"
always has to be "me"
every damn time.
We, we, we.
What do l look like?
An expert on worms?
Watch it, Valentine,
it's got a good
six-foot reach.
Thank you, Earl.
Son of a bitch !
Son of a goddamn bitch !
Pardon my French.
Shit! lt's been
waiting here
all this time?
l mean, how's it know
we're still here?
Well, it's got
no eyes, right?
Sure as hell can't
smell us underground.
l say it's
been listening.
Of course!
lt senses
seismic vibration.
lt can hear
every move we make,
especially on this rock,
it's a perfect conductor.
That means we're stuck.
That pisses me off!
Well, l hate to be
crude, but l gotta take
care of some business.
-Me, too.
-Same here.
Thanks.
No problem. Anytime.
Well, what's the plan?
l think the first
thing we gotta do
is see if old stumpy's
still out there.
Can l borrow
that shovel?
Yeah.
Doesn't he have
a home to go to?
That's why Edgar
never got down
off that damn tower.
l think
l have an idea.
You know,
we're gonna have to
come up with
some sort of plan,
he's just gonna
wait us to death.
Yeah, well, l was. . .
Why don't we just
make a run for it?
We outran him yesterday.
Run for it?
Running's not a plan.
Now running's what you do
when a plan fails.
Valentine, you're not
even trying to think
of a plan.
Well, it ain't like
we got a hell of
a lot of options.
There's always options.
We just gotta think
of them, that's all.
All right, well,
why don't you
start thinking?
Why in the hell
do l always have to
do all the thinking?
Who died and
made you Einstein?
You guys know
how to pole vault?
We just stay
where he can't get us,
on these
residual boulders.
My truck's parked
right next to one.
Stay on those
residual boulders!
That Tammy Lynn Baxter,
she do much pole vaulting?
Shit!
That's pretty good.
That slimebag ain't
gonna give us much time
once we hit that truck.
l say we all
jump together.
Right.
Wait.
Okay, ready.
One, two, three!
Go! Go! Go! Go!
Watch it, Val !
Move! Move!
Could somebody,
perhaps, help me?
Burt! Heather!
No! No! No!
The snake things are
just their tongues
or something.
These animals are huge!
l'm sorry. l'm having
a real difficult time
with this.
Come on,
you guys, answer.
Come back.
Hey, Walter.
Where's Burt and Heather?
l can't reach them.
l guess they're still
driving around somewhere.
Hey, Rhonda,
what's the name
you call those things?
Where do they
come from?
Huh?
l don't know.
You're a scientist,
aren't you?
Yeah, aren't you
supposed to have
a theory or something?
Look, these creatures
are absolutely unprecedented.
Yeah. But where do
they come from?
Yeah !
lt doesn't matter
where they come from.
No name? Ha!
We discovered them,
we should name them !
Walter, forget
the damn name!
Now me and Earl think
we better get the hell
out of this valley.
Hang on, Val.
Let's not go off
half-cocked.
Yeah. Well,
somebody's bound
to come check on us,
once they see
the road is out
and the lines are down.
Yeah, that's
how it works.
Or "suckoids." "Oids."
Oids. l like snakeoids.
One of them comes near me,
and l'll just hit him
with a five-pound pickax.
No. You don't
understand, Nestor.
They come up from
underneath the ground
and they grab you.
They sense the
slightest vibration
through the ground.
Even footsteps.
That's how they hunt.
Hey, so like we don't
vibrate, right?
Maybe they won't even
come through here.
Maybe they'll
leave us alone!
Chain saw.
That's what l'll use.
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Wake up!
Now, look!
You see, they're
headed right for us.
Look, they trapped
Edgar here.
Grabbed old Fred
right here.
Nailed those two poor
suckers on the road,
and the doctor's place
is right here!
Now this valley is just
one long smorgasbord.
We have got to get out.
l'm gonna
go get Mindy.
Oh, she's okay.
l saw her playing
down the street.
That's what l like,
"Graboids"!
That's it, graboids!
Jesus, Walter.
We're gonna be sorry
if we don't give it a name.
Okay, Val, you say
let's get out of here.
So where are we
supposed to go?
Well, Rhonda's got
an idea about that.
Yeah, see, they move
very easily through the
Pleistocene alluvials.
The dirt.
The loose soil
that covers
the valley floor.
But they can't
move through rock.
So l think we
should head west
to the mountains.
She means up
the old jeep trail.
lf those mountains
are solid granite,
we'd be safe there.
And we could hike along them
all the way to Bixby if we. . .
l scared you, didn't l?
You little ass wipe.
You don't knock it off,
you're gonna be
shitting this basketball.
Pardon my French.
Mindy!
lt's gonna take us
days to get back with help
with Nestor.
We're not gonna
leave you alone.
Damn it!
l'm gonna kick his ass!
l'm gonna help you.
Melvin !
Where is that
little shit stain?
Melvin, get your. . .
Get inside!
Run ! Come on !
Come on, get in !
Jesus Christ, Walter,
you got a gun?
No! What are we gonna do?
Be quiet, quiet, quiet!
Where is he?
Now remember,
no noise, no vibrations.
Oh, no, Mindy.
Stop, stop.
Mindy, get off
the pogo stick.
Mindy!
Get her, Val !
Mindy, come back!
Mindy!
Oh !
Mindy.
Quiet. Quiet.
Don't move.
Mindy, get back.
Get back.
Run !
Get in the house!
We gotta get him off.
lt'll suck that truck down.
Go back for Christ's sake!
Jesus, here comes
another one!
Run ! Come on ! Come on !
Get out of your pants!
Look out!
Run !
Run ! Don't look back.
Come on ! Come on !
Sorry.
Rhonda, here.
Oh, thank you.
So, what are
we gonna do?
You know, how long
till they go away?
They got
the patience of Job.
They sit and goddamn wait
till they hear something
that sounds like lunch.
We gotta have a plan.
l got a plan.
You and Val
drive the truck
up to the mountain,
walk to Bixby,
get some help.
Walter, those
scumsuckers
ate our radials.
Well, you can
take my truck.
No, we need a major
four-wheel drive
just to get up
that jeep trail.
That trail's
all messed up.
Turn it off.
Pull it back.
l got it.
Give me your hand !
Son of a bitch.
Son of a bitch !
Come on, let's go!
The roof!
Come on !
Jump, Rho!
You can do it!
No, l can't! l can't!
Rhonda! Don't stop.
Keep moving !
Oh, my God.
Hey!
You okay?
Hey, what's going on?
Where are you guys?
What's up, man?
What the hell are
you doing up there?
Melvin, shut
the hell up.
Get up on your roof.
No way!
Nestor?
Nancy, get up
on your roofs.
Up on your roofs!
They come through
the floor!
l don't know.
l can't believe it.
No tracks.
No sign. No spoor.
You'd think after
eating all those sheep
they'd have to
take a dump someplace.
Yeah. l don't
understand it.
Yo, Walter.
This is Burt. Come back.
Walter? Anybody copy?
l'm waiting.
Walter, you there?
Come back!
Okay, l got it.
Yo, who's minding the store,
for God's sake?
Burt, listen.
We found out what's
been killing people.
Say "over."
Over.
Negative copy
on that, Walter.
Check your frequency.
l'm on 22. Come back.
Burt, can you
hear me now? Over.
Val, is that you?
What're you doing
back already?
Hey, Burt,
something real weird
is going on over there.
They're up on
top of the roof.
Hey, l think they're
going for Burt's.
Oh, man,
they're going !
Burt, get out
of your basement.
Take your radio.
You and Heather
get up on your roof.
We'll talk later.
Okay? Over.
Up on the roof?
Val, what are you
talking about?
Damn it, Burt.
Just listen to him.
Something's wrong.
Burt, Jesus Christ!
Get up on your roof!
The things!
They're under the ground.
They're bigger
than we thought.
They're huge.
They're coming
right after you guys.
They're coming right now!
We don't see
anything, Val.
What the hell are you
talking about? Over.
Burt, they're
under the ground.
They're under the ground.
They can dig like
a son of a bitch.
Big monsters!
Underground!
Now get out!
Hurry!
Jesus Christ!
Burt, come on.
Magazine!
Here!
Broke into the wrong
goddamn rec room
didn't you, you bastard?
We killed it! You got that?
We killed that motherhumper!
Come back.
Well, roger that, Burt.
And congratulations.
Be advised, however,
there are two more.
Repeat, two more
motherhumpers.
Burt got one!
He killed one!
Way to go, dude!
All right!
Yes! Yes!
Well, l guess we don't
get to make fun of Burt's
lifestyle anymore, huh?
Say, Burt?
Any chance you can
get the other two?
Come back.
Yeah. One second, pal.
You didn't get penetration
even with the elephant gun.
Shit!
Good Lord !
Val, we can't get them.
l never figured on
having to shoot
through dirt.
The best goddamn
bullet stop there is.
Come back.
Let me see that.
Burt, listen.
Forget shooting them.
Tell me this.
Can you get
to your truck?
Over.
No problem.
Good, 'cause you have the
only truck in the valley
that can get up
that jeep trail.
Now listen.
Here's the plan.
You and Heather
go for help.
You get to the mountains
and keep going. . .
Guys! You guys!
Come over.
Hang on a sec.
He's up to something.
Well, if it isn't our
old pal, stumpy.
Bastard.
Hey, Rhonda.
What do you think
it's trying to do now?
Why do you keep asking me?
What the. . .
Gee! Wow.
What the hell was that?
Breaker there, Earl.
What did you want us to do?
Come back.
Hang on, Burt.
This bastard's
trying something new.
Over.
They wasn't
making no noise.
Why is he
bothering them for?
Well, it's like it's
studying the buildings,
trying to figure them out.
They can feel our vibrations
but they can't find us.
Looks to me like
they're coming up
with a plan.
Watch it, Nestor!
Jesus!
Shit! Enough !
Get off the ground,
Nestor! Get moving !
Get out of there!
Get off the ground !
Move it! Move it!
No, Nestor.
That's no good.
Come on,
you gotta get higher.
No way! No way, man !
No! You guys
gotta do something !
You gotta do something !
Burt, Heather?
Yeah, you got us, Val.
Come on back. Over.
Listen, we're in
deep shit over here.
We'll have to
change that plan.
Burt, cut it out!
l think l scared him.
No use going for help.
We'd be dead long before
you'd ever get back.
Okay, Val, we're with you.
Just tell us what
you wanna do. Over.
Yeah, well, this one's
gonna tear this town
out from under us.
We're all gonna
have to get out of
here together, now.
Okay, Val.
We're coming after everybody.
Just hang tight. Over.
Look.
Val, you're gonna have to
forget about the truck.
Yeah, we got you, Heather.
Now, look.
The situation
hasn't changed.
We still have to
make it to solid rock.
There's gotta be some way.
Like what?
There's nothing left
that can make it
to those mountains.
Hey, Val. Quiet, man.
lt doesn't matter now.
They know we're here.
Oh, shit!
We need a helicopter
is what we need.
Or a goddamn tank!
Wait a minute.
The Cat!
Could we take the Cat?
Oh, Jesus.
lt's slower than hell.
Yeah, but it weighs
better than 30 tons.
There's no way they
could lift 30 tons.
Could they? l mean. . .
But we can't all
fit on the bulldozer.
No.
No, but we could
drag something, though.
We could pull
a car behind it.
l don't know.
Hell, that old semitrailer.
lts tires are flat.
Doesn't matter.
That Cat can
pull anything.
Well, all right.
We just roll on
out of here.
We've got a plan !
Of course,
that's a hell of
a long walk.
Listen, they only respond
to vibration, right?
Well, couldn't we
distract them somehow?
Yeah. Good.
Something to
keep them busy,
like a decoy.
Hey, Melvin,
you wanna make a buck?
Eat it!
How about the tractor?
Walter's little tractor?
Start him up.
Let him go out
by himself.
Let those things
follow him all over
if they like that noise.
Not bad.
What do you think?
Ground's getting
closer, Earl.
Yeah.
l say we go with
Miguel's plan.
Just hold on, Nancy!
l'm making the run
for the Cat.
Like hell you are.
Get real, Earl.
l'm faster than you.
But l'm best at
driving the Cat.
Not while l'm around.
Look, damn it!
Now listen to me.
l'm older
and l'm wiser.
Yeah? Well,
you're half right.
Damn ! l lost.
Guess l'll have to do it.
l won.
l pick who does it.
Ready when
you are, Miguel.
There he is.
There he goes!
He's chasing it.
lt's going.
This one's going, too!
Good luck, shithead.
Don't worry about me,
jerk-off.
Shit!
You suicidal
son of a bitch.
Keep going !
Oh, my God !
Come on !
They're gonna get him !
Val, stop!
They're coming !
Be quiet!
Don't move!
lt worked.
They can't find him.
We gotta. . .
We gotta make some noise.
A lot of noise!
Hey, you sorry
sons of bitches!
Come and get my ass!
Over here, you slime bucket!
Come get me!
Come on.
What are you, scared?
Hey, what's she doing?
That did it, girl !
God damn good thinking.
You okay?
Yeah.
Here goes.
Here.
Yeah.
God damn !
Armored transport.
Burt! Heather!
Let's get going !
Let's move it.
Burt! Heather!
Come on, let's go,
you two. We're headed
for the mountains.
lf that's how we're doing it,
we're going prepared.
We can't hold still long.
These things are damn smart.
They're getting
smarter by the minute.
That's fine.
We've got some new
things to teach them.
You see that?
They're doing it again.
They try it every time
l stop!
Come on, now.
Jesus Christ!
We're only going
nine miles.
Yeah, well, those things
are gonna be on our ass
every foot of the way, right?
Just hurry!
Burt, Heather, what
are you doing up there?
Can't you see
we're sinking?
Get in the trailer!
What do you think?
Max firepower or this?
l go for penetration.
The .458, shooting solids.
Less ammo to carry.
Come on, Burt.
Move it!
Watch these ammo boxes!
Come on, Burt!
Heather, hurry!
Tell them to come on !
Okay, now!
Now! Come on ! Come on !
Hey, give me a gun.
l'll take one.
l wouldn't give you a gun
if it was World War lll.
Food for five years.
A thousand gallons of gas,
air filtration,
water filtration,
Geiger counter,
bomb shelter.
Underground
goddamn monsters!
Yo, there we go!
Solid rock.
Any sign of them?
Maybe they just
gave up, you know?
Hey, what's that?
Damn it! What the hell
are they doing?
l don't care
what they're doing
as long as they're
doing it way over there.
Wait, wait!
Look out!
Mindy!
Mommy!
Everybody stay here.
Burt, you okay?
l'm okay.
Are they gonna get us?
What happened?
Burt, you sure
you're okay?
Yeah.
Earl, what happened?
What happened?
They dug a trap.
l can't believe this.
All right.
Here.
Let me have my gun.
Hungry? Eat this!
Everybody down !
There they are!
Did you get one?
l don't know.
No, there's still
two of them.
Look, there're two
different dust trails.
Sure made them
think twice though.
What the hell's in
those things, Burt?
A few household chemicals
in the proper proportion.
Here they come.
They're coming back!
We'll have to make
a run for those rocks.
l don't know, Val.
That's a hell of
a long way.
Yeah, man,
they'll get us!
They're sure as
hell gonna get us
if we stay here.
Hey, Burt!
You have any more
of those bombs?
We've got you
covered, Rhonda.
Well, what if we
throw one that way,
the way that we wanna go?
Then when it explodes,
l mean, if it drives
them away,
we run like
goddamn bastards.
Pardon my French.
What if they
don't get scared?
What if they don't run?
l don't think it
does scare them.
lt hurts them.
They're so
sensitive to sound,
they gotta run.
Oh, hell,
she's got my vote!
That's it!
We're making
a run for it!
We're going
for the rocks.
l don't know, man.
They're too fast.
You can't outrun them.
No way!
Yo, Melvin.
This'll make them
think twice.
Everybody ready to run?
Heads down !
lt worked !
There they go!
All right, let's go!
Move.
There you go.
Here. Come on, Burt.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, Burt, you asshole!
Mommy!
Mindy, get up.
Get up.
Get up here!
l'm with you, honey.
Go, go, go!
Burt, you asshole!
There's no bullets
in this gun.
Got you moving,
didn't it?
So, now what?
Could we make it
to the mountains,
use Burt's explosives?
No way.
We'd need 50
of those bombs.
Well, that's it.
We're not getting
off this rock.
Well, we're not gonna
pole vault out of here.
That's for damn sure.
Wait a minute.
What're y'all
talking about?
lt's like you're
giving up or something.
They'll just wait out
there till we're dead.
That's exactly what they do.
Wait!
For Christ sake,
we could've made
a stand at our place.
We had food, water.
You can't fight
them like that.
So you two
screw-ups hauled us
way the hell out here?
Hey, why don't you
just back off,
string bean?
You know, we could've
left your worthless ass
on the roof!
l wish you had,
fearless leader.
Who the hell put
you two in charge?
Don't push me!
Just back off, Burt.
Just don't goddamn push me!
lf them graboids
don't kill him, l will.
What?
They'd have torn your
place out from under
you in half an hour.
Come on. Come on.
Just let it go.
Let it go.
Forget about it.
l know he does.
He thinks he
knows everything.
lf it comes to starvation,
l know what l'm doing.
Take one of these,
walk right out there
with the fuse lit and
let them take me down.
Boom.
Good Lord, honey.
Now that's not
a bad idea.
No, no.
lt gives me an idea.
Going fishing like.
There's one.
Straight out in front.
Let's see if we can
keep him right there.
All right,
how much we need?
l don't know.
They're pretty quick.
Fifteen seconds
at least.
Which kind of fuse
is that?
Cannon fuse.
What the hell
you use if for?
My cannon.
You guys
watch yourselves.
Right out there
about 30. . .
Oh, man.
You're not gonna
do your lasso thing?
Just 'cause you're
no good with a rope.
All right, get back!
Come on, baby.
Take it.
Take the bait!
Yeah ! All right!
Look at it!
Yeah !
All right!
Okay, one to go.
Damn ! Where
the hell is he?
Hope he didn't wise up.
There.
Look who it is.
Give me that thing.
This son of a bitch is mine.
There it goes!
All right, get back!
l got it.
Come on. Come on.
Come on,
lunchtime, snot head.
All right, get down !
Shit!
Oh, my God ! lt's. . .
Get back! Get back!
Run !
Get up, come on !
What are you doing
out there?
Okay, let's make
some noise.
Try to distract him.
Come on, everybody.
Fresh meat!
Wait, wait, wait.
This one's not
falling for it.
This one ain't dumb.
He's trying to trick us.
Use your bomb.
lt's our last one.
What else you
gonna use it for?
So what if we
make it to the rocks?
We'll be dead in
three days anyway.
Well, l wanna live
for the three days.
What the hell?
What's the matter?
Use the bomb,
for God sakes!
Throw that bomb, man !
Scare him away!
Throw the bomb!
This bastard ain't
smarter than us.
For Christ's sake, Val !
l'm gonna go for it.
Go for what?
What are you doing?
l got a goddamn plan !
Where the hell is it?
l've got it!
This better be
one hell of a great plan !
Get ready!
Light it, man ! Light it!
Not yet. Not yet!
Come on.
What are you waiting for?
Go!
Come on ! Come on !
Too far!
You threw it behind him.
Run, Val ! Run !
Yeah !
Can you fly, you sucker?
Can you fly?
Well, it just
suddenly hit me,
you know.
Stampede.
Way to go!
Way to go, Val !
Now, the second
we hit Bixby, we start
making some phone calls.
l mean, we could make
some real money
on this thing.
We could get in
People magazine.
People? Hell !
National Geographic.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Smile.
Burt loaned me
his camera.
Yeah. He gave us
these tires, too.
lt's all pretty
exciting, huh?
There's gonna be
major research, and
l'm gonna be in on it.
The first thing to do
is take some pictures
of that one we dug up.
Yeah. Yeah.
Pictures seem
like a good idea.
Yeah, well,
thanks for everything,
you know,
saving my life and stuff.
You're welcome.
Maybe l'll see you sometime?
Uh-huh.
Well, see you.
l know. l know!
l'm working up to it.
What am l doing?
l mean,
what's a woman like her
want with a guy like me?
She's going
for her damn PhD.
Rhonda?
Yeah?
Well, l just
wanted to. . .
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org